Update SKE bursary content (#3860)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/how-to-apply-for-teacher-training/subject-knowledge-enhancement.md

## When to complete your course

> You should complete your course before starting your teacher training. If you run out of time, your provider may allow you to continue your course at the same time as your teacher training. But if you get a bursary, your payments will stop once your teacher training starts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should complete your course before starting your teacher training. If you run out of time, your provider may allow you to continue your course at the same time as your teacher training. But if you get an SKE bursary, your payments will stop once your teacher training starts. 
```

I think it is probably worth being clear that we are talking specifically about SKE bursary here?
